📈 Add cliVer parameter to log event functions and components (#340)
liam-hq/liam: frontend/.changeset/eighty-bottles-hope.md

---
"@liam-hq/erd-core": patch
"@liam-hq/cli": patch
---

> 📈 Add cliVer parameter to log event functions and component.s

Reviewer: nits

```suggestion
📈 Add cliVer parameter to log event functions and components
```

Author: Oh, sorry🤦‍♀️. I made mistake...

Reviewer 2: oh!!
I wonder if I can rewrite the changeset later. I'll give it a try.
